Omniscient Object Texts
Dove, do not eat.
0. Intro




 This audience driven text adventure is inspired by Animatic Battles, Object Fools, ONE,, BURNER and everything else in the ever silly world. And you’re watching the host, Narrator. And I’ll be taking on the job of narrating most of everything within this silly show!!! ^w^




We will be running a new big update every month’s 15th, and every other thing else in the middle! 




But. This is 
Our fellow contestants,, uh, members, contributors, players… Aren’t particularly aware yet that they’re gonna be, um, contesting justtt yet. 






*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 1.   
(Is this your first time reading? Click on the link above to go to that particular camera angle! This is the first chapter so you wouldn’t have to worry about selecting the right chapter right now.) 






Look! You can see just how he’s a downer! Oh my godd! Though I must say, his dog looks rather cheery, I myself, am quite sure that at least! Something can and will come from them. 




I have our second contestant here, its name is Omap. And yes, its pronouns are literally it/its, it’s written right there on its lanyard and like, one of my pronouns are it/its as well! So take a look!


*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 2.


You see, this is why I’m definitely choosing it for my object show! Well, unless you didn’t actually pay attention, or read any of that. Which, I would suggest you do that at least a little. But! I can’t control what you do as the reader.




Come, come along again! Well. Not like you’re actually going anywhere besides here. So, now that you know the jist, I’ll show you what the rest of them look like at least. 


*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 3.






Camera 1. Jasper
*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 1. 


… Jasper feels that… Someone’s looking at him. Or maybe it’s just another Saturday for him, he experiences that all the time anyways. This occurrence is not common amongst those like him, being a circular tower air purifier. And honestly, this world has seen better days.


Sigh, he may not be the happiest in the world, but! He lives on, because what really could be better than the light of his world, his dog… (awww, look at her! What a pupper <33)


*You can choose to switch your perspective to Camera 1.1 here.


She’s just an adorable pomeranian and samoyed cross breed, a white belly and a beige overcoat extending from an upside down triangle on her forehead to a spotty and brownish dipped tail. She’s about 3 years old now, knows her name, knows how to shake hands and how to make Jasper happy. 


To raise them both, this a seemingly simple work of being an air filter, sitting in a newly built house to filter out the harmful chemicals that linger in the air after it’s been renovated. This job gives Jasper just enough salary for him to survive. And it’s a pretty stable one as well, there’s always more houses built. Even if not especially much these days, he always can still work plenty of side jobs by going out to events to earn an extra buck by just sitting there. 


I’d say he’s living cosy. Though the occasional anxiousness about the state of the world, he should really talk to someone about that. 
Camera 1.1  Camerion 
*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 1.1.


x: Woof. Woof woof. I am a dog. My fur often gets in the way of me speaking due to how long they are. But luckily for Jasper, he likes them quite a lot and sometimes likes finding stuff, just, cool. 


This is a dog! 


Her name is Camerion, and her owner is Jasper Jumpyeon. But Camerion mainly knows him as Jasper. One wouldn’t not call them good friends, as they do really extend beyond all of that. She and Jasper pretty much grew up together, being adopted by him when Jasper was still living with his parents.


It’s a little silly to give an entire separate camera for the dog. But hey, I thought that you, my audience woulda love it. 


Camera 2. Omap
*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 2.


It currently works at a Jewellery store on the outskirts of a shopping centre. 


Omap is a ceramic mug with what looks to be the jewellery store’s floor plan on the back of its cup. Now, it has a jewellery store floor plan on its back because it works at the jewellery store right now. There isn’t any other evidence that I know of. 


Sorry but its work lanyard literally has its pronouns as it/its on its ID. Honestly, I think that’s pretty swag of it, like, I also use it/its pronouns! 


Omap finds its job alright. Though having recently gotten into trouble for having the actual floor plan of the jewellery store on its back. By the way, it’s a mug. Kind of like the type of white ceramic mug that you’d find for 4 dollars to buy at ikea, except also for a strange teal swirl at its base that no one else can really see anyways. 


Its days go about as strange as it can make it. Nowadays, it’s finding its fun tokens in irritating its other coworkers. Pretty much doomed to be fired one day or the next, it’s even already packed its things in a box in the side storage room.






Camera 3. Kiss Card
*Your perspective has been switched to Camera 3. 


It’s not abnormal to be resting. 


She rests sideways on her leather couch, towering over the glowing citysights which she currently calls home. 


There’s an incense stick burning on the coffee table in front of her, it smells like sweet peaches and mint, meant to pierce through the headache-inducing leather smell that came with her new couch. 


Looks to be the kind to smoke, or to have brilliant curled decorations on herself. But just being herself, she wields the two kisses on her open card inside in salmon and pink. 


Not many things can actually go that wrong in her life with already the resources that she has. Being inheritance transactions. From herself. Somehow. 
 And I can just tell that she’s bored. Doing the same things everyday, and even her very attention to time is getting slogggg! Even now, there’s nothing playing on the TV screen yet her hand is still resting on it. Seemingly relaxing, the sweetness of the peach(peace) that’s making her varnish be dull all over. Ought for a care appointment someday. 


 A small picture of an angel sits framed on her bedside table. (I wonder if she’s catholic or something. But I hadn't found find any crosses)


Bellowing smoke out, the very same incense stick that was on the table a while ago, chewed between her teeth.  A terrible fire hazard. I’m not sure why she’s doing that actually… 








Chapter 2. Onwards.
Continued growth, you have no choice but keep on going on.






________________


Everything else ramble
This is the space where I’ll ramble about absolutely everything else.


Character ideas
1. Barbed wire[all pronouns]. Sharp, poked people mostly by accident. But there are times when they do poke people intentionally, and it’s all out of hate. 
2. Hypocritical coin[he/heads] [she/tails]. The heads side is the one that usually talks, and the tail side can’t actually talk, but can use their hands to sign. They share the same hands. The tail side is chill about it and shit. (It’s not until several chapters in are the viewers known that the heads and tails are that of dragons and it is a silver coin.) (tail side is the chill and fed up husband of the heads side 
3. Documenter [it/its]. Cabinet that secretly documents what happens at all times. Is later on forcibly integrated into narrator in a brutal and visceral process. (non verbal autistic)
4. Clipped wings of an angel [they/them]. They miss the angel that’d bore them before, and suspect that the angel may be amongst the contestants because they “knew the angel so well”. The angel is Kiss card. (clipped wings also get a guilty crush on kisscard) (but doesn’t go through with it because of religious reasons (unless.)) Has their vocabulary/writing style from the bible. 
5. Bike repair station that has so many tools [he/him]. The tools are appendages that were welded to them by someone else forcibly. Slightly traumatised by that actually. Medium height. He gets embarrassed when he suggests that other people can use the tools on him to repair, and if he’s rejected, his RSD triggers and immediately goes to cry something. 
6. Rubber band. [it/he]Small height, it travels by bouncing around. Has a voice like chirping, hard to tell how he talks but understandably so uses that to its advantage by being able to hide in various small spaces away from danger. It is not temperamental and doesn’t mind friends persay, but he is ultimately selfish for his own purpose. Rubber band can understand Camerion, but not the other way around.
7. Camerion[she/it]. Dog who does not understand other objects because she is a literal dog. Barks, and understands other dogs and has a wonderful sense of smell. She’s often hostile towards other people that aren’t her owner, Jasper. Prideful, yet anxious. This is because she developed anxiety when she was made known of her and Jasper’s fate to be separated. 
8. Kyle[she/they] . Is a grandmother’s kilt, made up of pieces of other cloth. She calls each of the pieces her “family”. Because they’re cut from the pieces from her actual family. If she’s asked about which piece she is? She’ll say that people are made up of other people, and that all of them combined, makes her, herself. The actual reason is that the very person that’d made her, was someone very valiant, as such, every person that the valiant person helped, gave a piece of their cloth to them. She’s very loving and caring of other people, with an unending sense of melancholy as she doesn’t display any other emotion other than satisfaction when around other people 
9. Kiss card[she/her]. A birthday gift card that has two lipstick kisses on them. One in a salmon pink lipstick, the other in a pomegranate pink. This is the angel of clipped wings. She lost her wings because of human mortal desires. She still loves clipped wings, is friends and affectionate towards them about it, but doesn’t ever talk about it. Flirts with other contestants, teasing, 撒娇。Except to other friends, because she’s nice. Also the two lipstick kisses are lesbians.  
10. The static[it/its]. A static that can possess shit. It’s actually just a sentient demi god that’s having fun and talks to narrator through morse code that narrator can’t read.
11. Human hand[they/he/she]. An unintentional serial killer only because they don’t have a well developed moral code and are generally cursed by a terrible view on life being profit. (nina coded /derog)
12. A stone gargoyle[he/they]. A loyal and strong stone person. First to discover wall matter.  go!!




Character Dynamics
1. Gay love, where it shows down Homura style and that person travels across timelines to find the other and it turns out the other always dies by fate. Whilst the others don’t. 
2. Play enemies. They’re not true enemies in the true sense of the word, but pretend to be just for the fun of it. 
3. Fuck. Yeah repressed sexual desires. Idk why I included this, but I think it’s just fun. No explicit scenes though. There’s explicit scenes later of visceral dissection which are also homoerotic, we’ll get there.
4. Mortality. The people and their comprehension that there are people else that are better than them at this. And conception of gods, as more than just the interest they receive from being perceived, but too, them being the result of nature.
5. There’s a divorced couple here. Somewhere. Don’t have to be romantic or even platonic. But the feeling between them just feels weird.
6. Toxic. Gaslight, control, girl unswag. 
False characters
1. The Narrator. This is the one that narrates the Main Camera. And sometimes other people’s cameras, if they change to their perspective camera. 
   1. Signage. The Narrator uses blank flat surface as projection backgrounds to where it can project information like the voting counts. Though sometimes displaying personalities beyond what that Narrator itself would display. 
2. Star Sign. This is a constellation type person, where it directly influences the game by temporarily slightly altering the perceptive writing styles presented on the chapter of an affected character. It signs out using 💫 It does not have a self cam. It does not have a centralised conscience for intention.
3. Documenter. The one that logs everything, it has a consistent conscience across all timelines. Not particularly in the sense that it is aware of everything, otherwise it won’t have anything to document anymore if that’s the case. 
4. Subtitle-Chan
Drugs.
1. Psychoactive drug that distorts one's perception temporarily. Odourless, but appears in a green gas. (commonly called fanta because fanta is orange.. And when people look away, when they leave the effect of the drug, they often see a sea of orange in their vision.)
   1.  The Psychoactive Drug is sentient as displayed by them having their own ao3 work cam. They talk about purely environmental changes, descriptors. Each of their chapters are usually no more than a few hundreds of words long. Lots consisting of describing the green around them, their vision, their height, their soul, and other people. And when the drug succumbs those other people, the other people see it and make eye contact.
2. Wall matter. In Between the walls, there’s a type of glue sort of matter that’s a dark viscous goop that can leak out when a wall is damaged enough. Its existence is to repair the walls around. But it only does it around 30 minutes after the wall is detected to be damaged, such as scratches. 
   1. Effect on people? It has a sweet taste and is often the treat hard to get for the scurriers in around the yew’s Growth. When consumed, it sticks to your insides and repairs ones’ inner gut damage by regrowing as healthy cells around there. 
3. Pondall. Originally called pond balls(because first identified in a pond), these tennis ball sized things will fucking kill you if you touch them. They’re actually an organism similar to the tentacle cells of jellyfish. Often appears when wall matter is excreted too much, and droops off the walls into a puddle on the floor. This is, well, cancer. 
4. Environment
1. They’re in an enclosed environment. Room to room kind of style. At least from the narrator's perspective that’s what’s happening. For the narrator, the players look like they’re just going through room to room. Except. The narrator can’t see the safe room. Most of the places that they come to are structured like this, the few times that a sky is visible for them, it’s mostly 
2. The scavenger. They’re a persistent culture that floats in the air, hydrophobic until feasting. at dead matter. Dead skin, corpse, dust left over after a contestant is eliminated.When eating, they would glow really fucking bright. This is to both attract other organisms who have eyes, and block(make them look away) others who have eyes. This gives dead or decaying organisms in here a halo effect, sort of holy, they are willingly preserved by some species of object because of this. 
   1. Scavenger. (also see in Environment) They are tiny white and green specks of dust dot. Though they may appear to be similar in behaviour to the school of fish; however, they do not have a conscience until (1. They’re not in feasting mode) (2. They are trapped in high enough saturation to be packed together into a whole.)
3. Feeding. 
   1. Do objects even eat? In here, they do need to eat. They do not have a digestive system, rather, they eat to extend their maximum time to be alive before starvation sets in. It is a set of invisible numbers that they cannot see, but can feel. Like all senses, it sits as a response to their environment, which means that in different realms.  However, the ratio of real world hunger to The real hunger is 468 to 100. Which means that to get 46 hunger in real life, would only mean 10 hunger in The real. 
      1. In The fake, they lose hunger much quicker. From 89:100 in The fake to The real hunger ratio. To get 10 hunger in The real, means to get 11.something. Times the hunger got in The real to 1.12359551. 
4. The Real, the fake, and the past. Are the three main dimensions of perception here. 
   1. The real. This is the dimension that the object show takes place in. The physics and perceptions of here are what’s considered “proper” with the most cause/effect correlation. > It is believed that most objects should stay in The real for their own health reasons. 
   2. The fake. Most often accessed when a character is under the effects of the psychoactive drug (Fanta). The fake is a parallel realm amongst The real, the players’ physical health are not suitable for the 
   3. The past. Some characters are only revealed when the character connected to them goes into the past. Characters can go into other people’s The Past by direct-visitation, conducted by god like beings. 
5. School of fish. Monstrosity that couldn’t be counted as a player. But hivemind. (analogy of culture and how that forces everyone inside of it to keep a single opinion)
6. Water filtration system. 
   1. The Pool Rooms. 
   2. The Playground. This sentient place sometimes spawns 
________________
CSS AO3 Coding Sets.


Essential:
<style>
@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Jersey+25+Charted&family=Nanum+Pen+Script&family=Space+Mono:ital,wght@0,400;0,700;1,400;1,700&family=Zeyada&display=swap');
</style>


font-family: "Jersey 25 Charted", sans-serif;
font-family: "Zeyada", cursive;
font-family: "Nanum Pen Script", cursive;
font-family: "Space Mono", monospace;


.space-mono-regular {
  font-family: "Space Mono", monospace;
  font-weight: 400;
  font-style: normal;
}
.space-mono-bold {
  font-family: "Space Mono", monospace;
  font-weight: 700;
  font-style: normal;
}
.space-mono-regular-italic {
  font-family: "Space Mono", monospace;
  font-weight: 400;
  font-style: italic;
}
.space-mono-bold-italic {
  font-family: "Space Mono", monospace;
  font-weight: 700;
  font-style: italic;
}


Narrator Classes.


.narrator1 {
  box-sizing: content-box;
  border: none;
  font: normal 16px/1 "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
  color: black;
  text-align: justify;
  text-overflow: ellipsis;
  background: rgba(201,227,255,0.51);
  transition: background-color 200ms cubic-bezier(0.19, 1, 0.22, 1) 10ms;
}




Miscellaneous


.summary {
  box-sizing: content-box; 
  border: 0;
  font: normal 36px/1