Act 1.
Main camera.


The participants of this frivolous act finds themselves perhaps in a location few would even recognise.A tall enclosure, all its surfaces tiled with white the similar kind you would find within the shallow sides of a swimming pool. Yet its interiors (which the participants are standing on right now) are distinctively dry. Light which brightens, makes visible of their surroundings and others, come from two windows high up the bright walls, all around them. 


The one with wings, she was shaking when she’d arrived, but now with her noticing the windows there, she tries to flap, to fly. … Ooohhh. Ouch. Couldn’t even make it off the ground. So for now, those sources of light, sunlight they’re meant to look like, are inaccessible for anyone present. (Unless they all stacked on top of eachother? I don’t think so.)


Unfortunately they’re able to feel it. Something shifts within them. Within their bodies and internal organs (wheter or not they have any). For a minute. 


“Oh,, what is that…” This object does feel it. Birthday card looking card, colourful, folds in on herself, keeling over, a hand of her own holding herself. 


A colourful quilt made of dozens of coloured pieces of fabrics of all different kinds of patterns. Colourful.Terribly eye straining in this near pure white (and there the slight beige in between the tiles), dizzying for the very card I’d think. But she waves her of, even as she slowly checks over her. “Are you alright there?”
”Al- uhm, I’m alright.” 
Soothing voice when whispering, she mutters to the quilt as they lay. a corner of themself over her.
Restless do they shuffle about. The very pair of tattered wings that’d tried to fly just a moment ago flicks her head over to the voice. A seeming shocked expression that lights up between her eyebrows for a moment. Only for that slight moment though! I could almost see that as even.a mistake perhaps, as she shakes slowly in a disappointed manner back, back to her uncaring expression.
I see past her veneer. What an amateur’s disguise.


Well, the quilt lady is looking after the card with kisses on the inside of her. Everyone else are experiencing that feeling as well. Most are doing a great job at ignoring the feeling, like the decorative silver coin over there, talking to himself.


“Seriously, you feel that right? Yeah, jeez I really don't think I’ve eaten anything bad lately.” He taps his feet, the scaly tail behind him swings irrespective of his rhythmic stimming. “No… Eh,, yeah you’re right, This too shall pass. That.” The curious fellow currently seems to be ignoring the commands of others to move out of the way, the other being too small to be noticed by that coin. 


The little brown elastic band rolls rapidly about the tiled floor, bumping and jumping over each these crevasse-fillings pale and beige in between the tiles. Flying through the air then bouncing back up again each time, as small as a pingpong ball. Squeaking in a miniature voice much too small and high pitched, for any of the others to hear or respond to.